Doc-3593 screenshot hygiene (#2957)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/Secrets/2-add-use-text-secrets.md

Secrets can be added inline while setting up a connector or other setting, and they can also be set up in the account, organization, or project resources.

:::info

> You can't create secrets that point to secret managers in a different [scope](/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes). For example, if you create a secret at the project scope, you can reference a secret manager in a different project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can't create secrets that point to secret managers in a different [scope](/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes). For example, if you create a secret at the project scope, you cannot reference a secret manager in a different project. To reference secrets across projects, create the secret at the organization or account scope.
```

4. In **Secrets Manager** select the secrets manager you will use to encrypt this secret.

5. Enter a **Name** for your secret. Harness automatically creates an **Id** based on the name. You can use the **Secret Name** and **Id** to reference this secret elsewhere in Harness. **Description** and **Tags** are optional.

6. Select **Inline Secret Value** or **Reference Secret**.

   - **Inline Secret Value**: Enter the value for the encrypted text. If your secret is managed by Azure Key Vault, you can set an expiry date in **Expires on**. The Harness Delegate version 79306 is required for this feature.

      ```mdx-code-block
      <img src={secret_expiry_date} alt="secret_expiry_date" height="200" width="500"/>
      ```

>    - **Reference Secret**: Enter the name of the existing secret that you want your **Reference Secret** to refer to, and then select **Test** to test the reference path. You can reference existing secrets in Azure Key Vault, Hashicorp Vault, AWS Secrets Manager, or GCP Secrets Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Reference Secret**: Enter the name of the existing secret in your Secret Manager that you want your **Reference Secret** to refer to, and then select **Test** to test the reference path. You can reference existing secrets in Azure Key Vault, Hashicorp Vault, AWS Secrets Manager, or GCP Secrets Manager.
```
